com/example/healthandfitnessapp/models/FitnessProgramme.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.models.FitnessProgramme
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/services/AlarmReceiver.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.services.AlarmReceiver
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.services.AlarmReceiver$1
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.LoginFragment
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.LoginFragment$1
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.LoginFragment$2
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.LoginFragment$3
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.LoginFragment$4
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.LoginFragment$5
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.LoginFragment$6
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.LoginFragment$7
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/activities/HelpAndFeedbackActivity.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.HelpAndFeedbackActivity
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/RegisterFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.RegisterFragment
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.RegisterFragment$1
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.RegisterFragment$2
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.RegisterFragment$3
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.RegisterFragment$4
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/models/User.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.models.User
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/interfaces/ActivityFragmentHelpFeedbackCommunication.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.interfaces.ActivityFragmentHelpFeedbackCommunication
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/AchievementsFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.AchievementsFragment
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/TravelFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.TravelFragment
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.TravelFragment$1
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.TravelFragment$2
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.TravelFragment$3
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.TravelFragment$4
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.TravelFragment$5
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/services/AlarmService.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.services.AlarmService
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/services/NotificationService.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.services.NotificationService
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.SettingsFragment
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.SettingsFragment$1
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.SettingsFragment$2
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.SettingsFragment$3
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/services/SoundService.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.services.SoundService
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/services/LocationService.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.services.LocationService
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/activities/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.LoginActivity
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.BuildConfig
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/interfaces/OnItemsClickedListener.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.interfaces.OnItemsClickedListener
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/adapters/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.adapters.MyAdapter
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.adapters.MyAdapter$FitnessProgrammeViewHolder
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/activities/AlarmActivity.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.AlarmActivity
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.AlarmActivity$1
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/activities/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.MapsActivity
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.MapsActivity$1
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.MapsActivity$2
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.MapsActivity$2$1
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/constants/Constants.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.constants.Constants
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/activities/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.HomeActivity
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.activities.HomeActivity$2
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/StatisticsFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$1
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$10
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$11
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$2
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$3
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$4
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$5
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$6
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$7
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$8
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment$9
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/ResetPasswordFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.ResetPasswordFragment
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.ResetPasswordFragment$1
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.ResetPasswordFragment$2
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.ResetPasswordFragment$3
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.NotificationsFragment
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/models/BMI.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.models.BMI
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.models.BMI$BMI_Category
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/ExercisesFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.ExercisesFragment
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.ExercisesFragment$1
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.ExercisesFragment$2
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/interfaces/ActivityFragmentHomeComunication.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.interfaces.ActivityFragmentHomeComunication
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/interfaces/ActivityFragmentLoginCommunication.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.interfaces.ActivityFragmentLoginCommunication
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/VolleyConfigSingleton.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.VolleyConfigSingleton
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.VolleyConfigSingleton$1
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/WriteFeedbackFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.WriteFeedbackFragment
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.WriteFeedbackFragment$1
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/services/SettingsManager.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.services.SettingsManager
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/models/Review.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.models.Review
com/example/healthandfitnessapp/fragments/AboutUsFragment.java
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.AboutUsFragment
 com.example.healthandfitnessapp.fragments.AboutUsFragment$1
